= HitPlayShare

Website-link: mixtape-district.herokuapp.com

==Description
An application to help new artists gain recognition and develop a fanbase. Allows musicians to upload music, and fans to download music, stream music, and rate music.

==The technologies we used:
* Ruby On Rails
* HTML 5
* CSS 3
* Javascript
* Jquery
* Notify.js
* Bootstrap
* AJAX

==Application specifications:
* Ruby version: 4.1

* Database used: Development => MySQL, Deployment => Postgres 3

* Initialization: Run these commands in order to initialize this application:
1. bundle install
2. rake db:drop
3. rake db:create
4. rake db:migrate
5. rails s

==Directory structure (Important folders & files only):
* app -> Contains our rails application
* config -> routes.rb (contains the routing logic for our application). 
* db -> schema.rb (specifies the data model powering this application), migrate -> contains all the migrations we used to build the schema.
* public -> Contains all uploaded/static files and music.
* test -> Contains our test cases for controllers and models.
* vendor -> Contains the JPlayer library
* Gemfile -> Contains all the gems used in this application

==Directory structure of the app folder (Important folders & files only):
* assets -> Contains all the CSS (Inside the stylesheets folder) and Javascript (Inside the javascripts folder) for our website.
* controllers -> Contains all the logic of our application. These are responsible for responding to a specific request (as specified in routes.rb), performing the logic of the application and rendering the appropriate view/return XML/test
* models -> Contains multiple classes which map to tables within the database (ORM using ActiveRecordAssociation). This represents the data layer of our application.
* views -> Mainly contain the presentation logic of our application. Folder names correspond to controller names (The controller with the name of the folder renders a view from that folder). Includes stylesheets & javascript from the assets folder.


==ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING RAILS:
* For people who are new to rails, controllers contain actions (class methods) which selects the view (html page etc.) to be displayed to the user.
* How actions work : if no URL is specified after the function call, the controller selects a view (html page)which matches the name of the action itself.
* Eg. redirect_to url_for(:controller => :home, :action => :showHome) is a function called in actions of the controller which redirects user to another action of another controller. In this way, we can redirect users to specific routes.
* For the views folder, some pages are broken into sub-html.erb files for instance, 'buttons', 'forms', 'navigation bars' and these sub-sections are sometimes called with <%= render PAGE %> tag.

To view the our entire project files, you can also go to https://github.com/MixtapeDistrict/server





